Strengthen DX CLI companion workflow (#1932)
pagopa/dx: .github/skills/dx-cli-companion/SKILL.md

- Run `add environment` from inside the generated repository so the CLI can detect the target GitHub repository from the current working tree.
- If the user explicitly wants the local JS entrypoint, run it from the DX repository root or use an absolute path to `apps/cli/bin/index.js`.

## Node Runtime Consistency

- Before mutating commands in a generated repository (for example `add environment`), read `.node-version` and run DX CLI with `NODENV_VERSION` set to that exact value.
- If that pinned version is missing in nodenv, install it (`nodenv install -s <version>`) before retrying the DX CLI command.

> - Avoid relying on implicit `system` Node for DX CLI execution inside generated repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the Node.js version specified in the .node-version file is installed.
- Always use this version when running the DX CLI instead of relying on the system default.
```

- Use the current `spec` output as the source of truth for the `add environment` command contract.
- Collect every value needed to avoid follow-up prompts. In practice, expect to ask for the environment name, subscription or account IDs, location mappings, prefix, domain, business unit, management team, auto-confirm choice, and runner app credentials when environment initialization still needs them.
- Before execution, show a short preview with the exact resolved values for the current run, including subscription and location pairs plus runner app values when they are in scope.

> - For a first-time environment setup, ask for the four GitHub Runner App values (`runner-app-id`, `client-id`, `installation-id`, `private-key-path`) before the first `add environment` execution unless the user explicitly confirms runner setup is already initialized and those values are not needed.

Reviewer: question: how's the user supposed to get these? can we share a link do docs if any?

Reviewer 2: https://dx.pagopa.it/docs/monorepository-setup#setting-up-a-github-app
